Update howto-authentication-methods-activity.md (#1174)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/authentication/howto-authentication-methods-activity.md

## Limitations

- The data in the report is not updated in real-time and may reflect a latency of up to a few hours.
- The **PhoneAppNotification** or **PhoneAppOTP** methods that a user might have configured are not displayed in the dashboard on **Microsoft Entra authentication methods - Policies**.

> - Bulk operations in the Microsoft Entra admin portal could time out and fail on very large tenants. This limitation is a known issue due to scaling limitations. For more information, see [Bulk operations](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/bulk-operations-service-limitations?WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_AAD_IAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bulk operations in the Microsoft Entra admin portal could time out and fail on very large tenants. This limitation is a known issue due to scaling limitations. For more information, see [Bulk operations](/entra/fundamentals/bulk-operations-service-limitations?WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_AAD_IAM).
```
Making link relative

> - Bulk operations in the Microsoft Entra admin portal could time out and fail on very large tenants. This limitation is a known issue due to scaling limitations. For more information, please check [Bulk operations](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/bulk-operations-service-limitations?WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_AAD_IAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bulk operations in the Microsoft Entra admin portal could time out and fail on very large tenants. This limitation is a known issue due to scaling limitations. For more information, see [Bulk operations](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/fundamentals/bulk-operations-service-limitations?WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_AAD_IAM).
```
Minor edit for Microsoft style
